Welcome to Cluedo!

Controls
--------
'w': Move up
'a': Move left
's': Move down
'd': Move right
'x': End this turn
You can also move using the mouse, by clicking the square that you want to move to, though this must be next to the current square
Note: After closing the dice pop-up window, click on the board with the mouse before moving using the arrow keys

Game Rules
--------------
Every character, weapon and room is represented by a card in the game. Before the game starts, one character,
one weapon, and one room card are selected at random. This selection represents the murder circumstances,
i.e., the “solution” that players need to figure out during game play. The respective cards go into an envelope
to be hidden from view. The remaining weapon, room and character cards are then combined into one stack, shuffled 
and then dealt face-down evenly to players. Some players may end up with more cards than others.

Players then take it in turns to roll two dice and move their character token a corresponding number (sum of
the dice values) of squares. Diagonal movement is not allowed and no space may be used twice during one
turn. When a player enters a room, they do not need to use any remaining moves they have left. They may then
hypothesise about the murder circumstances by making a suggestion which comprises the room they are in, a
character and a weapon. If the character and weapon named in the suggestion are not in that room yet, they are
now moved into the room.

When a suggestion is made, each player, in a clockwise fashion, starting from the current player, attempts to
refute the suggestion. A suggestion is refuted by producing a card that matches one of the suggested murder
circumstances (such a card cannot be in the solution envelope, hence refutes the suggestion). A refutation card
is only shown to the player that made the suggestion. If a player has multiple refutation cards, it is their choice
which one they pick. If no player can produce a refutation, the named murder circumstances are a potential
solution candidate that may or may not be used to make an accusation later on (by any player).

An accusation – which may directly follow an unrefuted suggestion – comprises a character, a weapon, and a
room (which can be any room, not just the one the player making the accusation may be in). If the accusation
made by a player exactly matches the actual murder circumstances (only the accusing player is allowed to see
the solution) the player wins, otherwise the player is excluded from making further suggestions or accusations.
This means the player cannot win the game anymore but will continue to refute suggestions by others.
